README.md, before:

[![GitHub release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/)](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/releases/latest)
[![LabAPI Version](https://flat.badgen.net/static/LabAPI%20Version/v1.1.3)](https://github.com/northwood-studios/LabAPI)
[![Original](https://flat.badgen.net/static/Original/SrLicht?icon=github)](https://github.com/SrLicht/SCP-575)
[![License](https://flat.badgen.net/github/license/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/)](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/blob/master/LICENSE)

# About SCP-575

This plugin inserts the SCP-575 in SCP:SL, every round there is a probability that the SCP-575 spawns. SCP-575 can spawn
in LCZ, HCZ and EZ, and will do so accompanied by blackouts. The players that are in the blackout zones are likely to
meet the SCP-575, the SCP-575 will start chasing one of them. If 575 touches them, the players will be devoured, and the
SCP-575 will disappear, for now.

> [!TIP]
> It is possible to make SCP-575 disappear by pointing a flashlight at it or by going to a room where the lights are
> still on.

# Installation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Required dependencies:**
> - [FrikanUtils](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/FrikanUtils/blob/master/FrikanUtils/README.md)
> - [FrikanUtils-Audio](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/FrikanUtils/blob/master/FrikanUtils-Audio/README.md)

Install the dependencies listed above, and place
the [latest release](https://github.com/gamendegamer321/CameraSystem-LabAPI/releases/latest) in the LabAPI plugin
folder.

# Commands

| command  | Aliases | Usage                     | Required permission | Description                                                                                                                                      |
|----------|---------|---------------------------|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `scp575` | `575`   | `575 <player> <duration>` | Remote admin access | Can be used after the round has started to spawn an instance of SCP-575 on a player. This instance will chase the player for the given duration. |

# Gameplay videos

Don't expect high quality, I compressed the videos.

**SCP-575 disappears due to being in a lighted room**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876283-ebdc666a-b313-421a-be9a-a52a524b667c.mp4

**SCP-575 chasing and killing his victim**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876270-b5333790-a3ed-462a-9e48-809bb9b982d5.mp4

**SCP-575 disappears due to being pointed at with a flashlight for too long**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876508-e25d35c8-0a54-4613-8634-2ecb53d6b7e2.mp4

# Config

| Config                                     | Default     | Meaning                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `debug_mode`                               | `false`     | When enabled it will show additional debug logs.                                                                                                               |
| `audio_files`                              | ...         | The name of the audio files that can be used as chase music. Each time SCP-575 spawns a random file will be chosen _if_ `scp575.play_sounds` is set to `true`. |
| `spawn_chance`                             | `40`        | The chance of SCP-575 being enabled during a round. 0 = never, 100 = always.                                                                                   |
| `disable_for_scp173`                       | `false`     | When enabled, SCP-575 cannot spawn during a round which has SCP-173.                                                                                           |
| `black_out.active_zones`                   | ...         | The zones where blackouts can occur, this determines the zones where SCP-575 can spawn and roam to.                                                            |
| `black_out.initial_delay`                  | `300`       | The time in seconds between the round start and the first appearance of SCP-575. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `false`.            |
| `black_out.random_initial_delay`           | `false`     | Whether the initial delay between the round start and the first appearance should be random or deterministic. `true` = random, `false` = deterministic.        |
| `black_out.initial_max_delay`              | `250`       | The maximum amount of delay in seconds between the round start and the first appearance. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `true`.     |
| `black_out.initial_min_delay`              | `190`       | The minimum amount of delay in seconds between the round start and the first appearance. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `true`.     |
| `black_out.min_duration`                   | `30`        | The minimum time in seconds SCP-575 will attempt to chase its target before giving up.                                                                         |
| `black_out.max_duration`                   | `90`        | The maximum time in seconds SCP-575 will attempt to chase its target before giving up.                                                                         |
| `black_out.min_delay`                      | `180`       | The minimum amount of time in seconds between appearances of SCP-575.                                                                                          |
| `black_out.max_delay`                      | `400`       | The maximum amount of time in seconds between appearances of SCP-575.                                                                                          |
| `black_out.end_blackout_when_disappearing` | `false`     | Whether, if SCP-575 disappears, the blackout should also end immediately.                                                                                      |
| `black_out.cassie`                         | ...         | The cassie message that is played before the blackout starts.                                                                                                  |
| `black_out.delay_after_cassie`             | `8.5`       | How long, in seconds, there is between the start of the cassie announcement and the blackout.                                                                  |
| `black_out.black_list_rooms`               | ...         | The rooms that will keep their lights on, even if their zone experiences a blackout.                                                                           |
| `scp575.nickname`                          | `SCP-575-B` | The nickname that is given to the SCP-575 dummy.                                                                                                               |
| `scp575.view_range`                        | `12`        | From how far away the nickname of SCP-575 is visible to the player. The default in the base game is `10`.                                                      |
| `scp575.role_type`                         | `Scp106`    | The role SCP-575 is spawned as.                                                                                                                                |
| `scp575.give_ghostly_effect`               | `true`      | Whether the ghostly status effect should be given to SCP-575, this makes it possible for 575 to walk through doors if the `scp575.role_type` is not `Scp106`.  |
| `scp575.kill_reason`                       | ...         | The kill reason shown to the player when they die.                                                                                                             |
| `scp575.play_sounds`                       | `false`     | Whether SCP-575 will play audio while chasing the player. Audio is picked from `audio_files` if enabled.                                                       |
| `scp575.audio_is_looped`                   | `false`     | When `play_sounds` is enabled, this determines whether the audio will loop, or only play once.                                                                 |
| `scp575.sound_volume`                      | `85`        | The volume of the audio played when `play_sounds` is enabled.                                                                                                  |
| `scp575.delay_on_chase`                    | `true`      | When enabled, will case SCP-575 to wait for the time given in `scp575.delay_chase` instead of chasing after the player immediately.                            |
| `scp575.delay_chase`                       | `3.5`       | The time in seconds SCP-575 will wait, if `scp575.delay_on_chase` is enabled.                                                                                  |
| `scp575.max_distance`                      | `28`        | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes greater than this, SCP-575 gives up and disappears.                                    |
| `scp575.medium_distance`                   | `16`        | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes greater than this, SCP-575 uses the `movement_speed_fast` instead of `movement_speed`. |
| `scp575.kill_distance`                     | `0.8`       | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes smaller than this, the player is killed by SCP-575.                                    |
| `scp575.movement_speed_fast`               | `5.2`       | The movement speed SCP-575 uses if a significant gap has fallen to the player.                                                                                 |
| `scp575.movement_speed`                    | `4.2`       | The normal movement speed of SCP-575.                                                                                                                          |
| `scp575.light_points`                      | `30`        | Every 0.5 seconds, for each player shining a flashlight on SCP-575 a point is added. If it exceeds this treshold, SCP-575 will disappear.                      |
| `scp575.use_light_points`                  | `true`      | Whether SCP-575 can be defeated by shining flashlights on it.                                                                                                  |
| `command_responses`                        | ...         | Responses used for commands.                                                                                                                                   |

# Credits

If you use any part of the code to create your own version of this plugin or pets, please remember to credit the original author.

Commit message:

Added better instructions for adding the audio file

README.md, after:

[![GitHub release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/)](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/releases/latest)
[![LabAPI Version](https://flat.badgen.net/static/LabAPI%20Version/v1.1.3)](https://github.com/northwood-studios/LabAPI)
[![Original](https://flat.badgen.net/static/Original/SrLicht?icon=github)](https://github.com/SrLicht/SCP-575)
[![License](https://flat.badgen.net/github/license/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/)](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/SCP-575-LabAPI/blob/master/LICENSE)

# About SCP-575

This plugin inserts the SCP-575 in SCP:SL, every round there is a probability that the SCP-575 spawns. SCP-575 can spawn
in LCZ, HCZ and EZ, and will do so accompanied by blackouts. The players that are in the blackout zones are likely to
meet the SCP-575, the SCP-575 will start chasing one of them. If 575 touches them, the players will be devoured, and the
SCP-575 will disappear, for now.

> [!TIP]
> It is possible to make SCP-575 disappear by pointing a flashlight at it or by going to a room where the lights are
> still on.

# Installation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Required dependencies:**
> - [FrikanUtils](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/FrikanUtils/blob/master/FrikanUtils/README.md)
> - [FrikanUtils-Audio](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/FrikanUtils/blob/master/FrikanUtils-Audio/README.md)

Install the dependencies listed above, and place
the [latest release](https://github.com/gamendegamer321/CameraSystem-LabAPI/releases/latest) in the LabAPI plugin
folder.

When playing audio is enabled in the Config, it will search for audio files using the FrikanUtils File System.
Instructions on how to add files are included in
the [README of the audio module](https://github.com/FrikandelbroodjeCommunity/FrikanUtils/blob/1.1.0/FrikanUtils-Audio/README.md#adding-audio-files).
Make sure the full file name matches the one you set in the configuration (default is `Chase.ogg`).

# Commands

| command  | Aliases | Usage                     | Required permission | Description                                                                                                                                      |
|----------|---------|---------------------------|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `scp575` | `575`   | `575 <player> <duration>` | Remote admin access | Can be used after the round has started to spawn an instance of SCP-575 on a player. This instance will chase the player for the given duration. |

# Gameplay videos

Don't expect high quality, I compressed the videos.

**SCP-575 disappears due to being in a lighted room**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876283-ebdc666a-b313-421a-be9a-a52a524b667c.mp4

**SCP-575 chasing and killing his victim**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876270-b5333790-a3ed-462a-9e48-809bb9b982d5.mp4

**SCP-575 disappears due to being pointed at with a flashlight for too long**

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36207738/213876508-e25d35c8-0a54-4613-8634-2ecb53d6b7e2.mp4

# Config

| Config                                     | Default     | Meaning                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `debug_mode`                               | `false`     | When enabled it will show additional debug logs.                                                                                                               |
| `audio_files`                              | ...         | The name of the audio files that can be used as chase music. Each time SCP-575 spawns a random file will be chosen _if_ `scp575.play_sounds` is set to `true`. |
| `spawn_chance`                             | `40`        | The chance of SCP-575 being enabled during a round. 0 = never, 100 = always.                                                                                   |
| `disable_for_scp173`                       | `false`     | When enabled, SCP-575 cannot spawn during a round which has SCP-173.                                                                                           |
| `black_out.active_zones`                   | ...         | The zones where blackouts can occur, this determines the zones where SCP-575 can spawn and roam to.                                                            |
| `black_out.initial_delay`                  | `300`       | The time in seconds between the round start and the first appearance of SCP-575. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `false`.            |
| `black_out.random_initial_delay`           | `false`     | Whether the initial delay between the round start and the first appearance should be random or deterministic. `true` = random, `false` = deterministic.        |
| `black_out.initial_max_delay`              | `250`       | The maximum amount of delay in seconds between the round start and the first appearance. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `true`.     |
| `black_out.initial_min_delay`              | `190`       | The minimum amount of delay in seconds between the round start and the first appearance. Only used when `black_out.random_initial_delay` is set to `true`.     |
| `black_out.min_duration`                   | `30`        | The minimum time in seconds SCP-575 will attempt to chase its target before giving up.                                                                         |
| `black_out.max_duration`                   | `90`        | The maximum time in seconds SCP-575 will attempt to chase its target before giving up.                                                                         |
| `black_out.min_delay`                      | `180`       | The minimum amount of time in seconds between appearances of SCP-575.                                                                                          |
| `black_out.max_delay`                      | `400`       | The maximum amount of time in seconds between appearances of SCP-575.                                                                                          |
| `black_out.end_blackout_when_disappearing` | `false`     | Whether, if SCP-575 disappears, the blackout should also end immediately.                                                                                      |
| `black_out.cassie`                         | ...         | The cassie message that is played before the blackout starts.                                                                                                  |
| `black_out.delay_after_cassie`             | `8.5`       | How long, in seconds, there is between the start of the cassie announcement and the blackout.                                                                  |
| `black_out.black_list_rooms`               | ...         | The rooms that will keep their lights on, even if their zone experiences a blackout.                                                                           |
| `scp575.nickname`                          | `SCP-575-B` | The nickname that is given to the SCP-575 dummy.                                                                                                               |
| `scp575.view_range`                        | `12`        | From how far away the nickname of SCP-575 is visible to the player. The default in the base game is `10`.                                                      |
| `scp575.role_type`                         | `Scp106`    | The role SCP-575 is spawned as.                                                                                                                                |
| `scp575.give_ghostly_effect`               | `true`      | Whether the ghostly status effect should be given to SCP-575, this makes it possible for 575 to walk through doors if the `scp575.role_type` is not `Scp106`.  |
| `scp575.kill_reason`                       | ...         | The kill reason shown to the player when they die.                                                                                                             |
| `scp575.play_sounds`                       | `false`     | Whether SCP-575 will play audio while chasing the player. Audio is picked from `audio_files` if enabled.                                                       |
| `scp575.audio_is_looped`                   | `false`     | When `play_sounds` is enabled, this determines whether the audio will loop, or only play once.                                                                 |
| `scp575.sound_volume`                      | `85`        | The volume of the audio played when `play_sounds` is enabled.                                                                                                  |
| `scp575.delay_on_chase`                    | `true`      | When enabled, will case SCP-575 to wait for the time given in `scp575.delay_chase` instead of chasing after the player immediately.                            |
| `scp575.delay_chase`                       | `3.5`       | The time in seconds SCP-575 will wait, if `scp575.delay_on_chase` is enabled.                                                                                  |
| `scp575.max_distance`                      | `28`        | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes greater than this, SCP-575 gives up and disappears.                                    |
| `scp575.medium_distance`                   | `16`        | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes greater than this, SCP-575 uses the `movement_speed_fast` instead of `movement_speed`. |
| `scp575.kill_distance`                     | `0.8`       | If the distance between SCP-575 and the player they are chasing becomes smaller than this, the player is killed by SCP-575.                                    |
| `scp575.movement_speed_fast`               | `5.2`       | The movement speed SCP-575 uses if a significant gap has fallen to the player.                                                                                 |
| `scp575.movement_speed`                    | `4.2`       | The normal movement speed of SCP-575.                                                                                                                          |
| `scp575.light_points`                      | `30`        | Every 0.5 seconds, for each player shining a flashlight on SCP-575 a point is added. If it exceeds this treshold, SCP-575 will disappear.                      |
| `scp575.use_light_points`                  | `true`      | Whether SCP-575 can be defeated by shining flashlights on it.                                                                                                  |
| `command_responses`                        | ...         | Responses used for commands.                                                                                                                                   |

# Credits

If you use any part of the code to create your own version of this plugin or pets, please remember to credit the
original author.
